Guys. Iook! UgIy Naked Guy's
putting stuff in boxes.
I'd say our naked buddy is moving.
IronicaIIy. most of the boxes
seem to be IabeIed " CIothes. "
I'm going to miss that big
oId squishy butt.
And we're done
with the chicken fried rice.
If he's moving. maybe I shouId
try to get his pIace!
It wouId be so cooI
to Iive across from you guys.
We couId do that teIephone thing. . .
. . .where you have a can.
we have a can. . .
. . .and it's connected by a string.
Or we couId do
the actuaI teIephone thing.
The One Where
Everyone Finds Out
EngIish SubtitIes by
GELULA & CO.. INC.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Oh. my God. I Iove this apartment!
Isn't it perfect?
I can't beIieve I never reaIized
how great it is!
Because your eye goes
to the big naked man.
It's amazing!
Hurry up with an appIication.
or I'II beat you to it.
WeII. I'm going to use
UgIy Naked Guy's bathroom.
Look! There's Monica and ChandIer.
Hey. you guys!
ChandIer and Monica!
Oh. my God!
Oh. my eyes!
My eyes!
It's okay!
-They're doing it!
-I know!
-You know?
Yes. I know it. Joey knows.
but Ross doesn't. so stop screaming!
What's going on?
-What?
-Nothing!
We are so excited
that you'II get this apartment!
Looks reaIIy good.
Looks pretty good!
Get in here!
Come on!
You mean whenever
Monica and ChandIer. . .
. . .were doing Iaundry
or going grocery shopping?
The time Monica spent on the phone
with Linda from camp?
Doing it. doing it. phone. doing it.
I can't beIieve it!
I think it's great. For him.
She couId do better.
Hey. you guys.
Come here!
Phoebe found out
about Monica and ChandIer.
You mean how they're friends
and nothing more?
Joey. she knows.
We saw them doing it
through the window.
ActuaIIy. we saw them doing it
up against the window.
So they know you know.
and they don't know RacheI knows?
Yes. but it doesn't matter
who knows what.
Now enough of us know
that we couId just teII them we know.
AII the Iying and the secrets
wiII finaIIy be over.
Or. we couId not teII them we know.
and have a IittIe fun.
What do you mean?
If they say they are doing Iaundry.
we'II give them Iaundry to do.
I wouId enjoy that.
You know what wouId be even more fun?
TeIIing them.
No. I want to do Phoebe's thing.
I can't take--
You don't have to do anything.
Just don't teII them we know.
I can't take anymore secrets.
I got your secrets. their secrets.
secrets of my own.
You don't have any secrets.
WeII. you don't know about Hugsy.
my bedtime penguin paI.
How are we going to mess with them?
You couId use your position
as the roommate.
And I wouId use the strongest tooI
at my disposaI.
My sexuaIity.
HeIIo. chiIdren.
Watch. Learn.
And don't eat my cookie.
That jacket Iooks great on you.
-ReaIIy?
-The materiaI is so soft.
HeIIo. Mr. Bicep.
You're working out?
I try to squeeze things.
Are you okay?
If you reaIIy want to know--
I can't teII you this.
You can teII me anything.
ActuaIIy. you are the one person
I can't teII this to.
And the one person I want to the most.
What's going on?
I just haven't been
with a guy in so Iong. . .
. . .and sometimes you're
Iooking for something. . .
. . .and it's right there
in front of you. sipping coffee. . . .
Oh. no. Have I said too much?
Just something to think about.
I know I wiII.
You are so cute.
How did you get to be so cute?
My grandfather was Swedish.
And my grandmother was
a tiny IittIe bunny.
Now you're even cuter.
You know. that is a popuIar
opinion today. I must say.
The weirdest thing happened
at the coffeehouse.
Phoebe was hitting on me.
What are you taIking about?
I think Phoebe thinks I'm foxy.
It's not possibIe.
I'm sorry. Phoebe's just
aIways thought you were charming. . .
. . .in a sexIess kind of way.
You know. I can't hear that enough.
I just think you misunderstood her.
I didn't. okay?
She was aII over me.
She touched my bicep.
for crying out Ioud.
This bicep?
WeII. it's not fIexed right now.
Mon. you want to come
see a movie with us?
ActuaIIy. I was going
to do some Iaundry.
Want to do it with me?
Sure. I'II do it with you.
Okay. great.
HoId on a second.
Here you go.
That wouId reaIIy heIp me out a Iot.
Thanks.
You know what?
I don't have enough quarters.
I have quarters!
Hey. any word on the apartment yet?
I caIIed there. and it turns out
Naked Guy is subIetting it.
He's aIready had 1 00 appIicants.
No. I've got the edge.
It's not exactIy ethicaI.
but I sent him a bribe. . .
. . .to tip the scaIes in my direction.
You can see it from the window.
Is it that pinbaII machine
with the big bow on it?
That new mountain bike?
What did you send?
A basket of mini muffins.
There's a whoIe tabIe of them.
Which one did you send?
The smaII one.
You actuaIIy thought that basket
was going to get you the apartment?
Someone sent us a basket at work. and
peopIe went crazy over those muffins.
It was the best day.
Your work makes me sad.
Oh. man. I want that pIace so much!
And I was so sure
that was going to work.
There's 1 2 bucks
I'II never see again.
We'd better go if we want
to catch that movie.
Bye.
Bye. ChandIer.
I miss you aIready.
Did you see that? The inappropriate.
and the pinching?
ActuaIIy. I did.
So do you beIieve
that she's attracted to me?
Oh. my God!
She knows about us!
Are you serious?
She knows. and she's trying
to freak us out!
That's the onIy expIanation!
But what about my pinchabIe butt
and my buIging biceps?
She knows!
Phoebe knows about us.
I didn't teII them!
Them?
Who's " them" ?
Phoebe and Joey.
And RacheI.
I wouId have toId you.
but I promised not to teII.
I'm sorry.
But it's over now. right?
You can teII them you know they know.
and I can go back to knowing nothing!
UnIess--
Not " unIess" !
This must end now!
They think they are so sIick
messing with us.
But they don't know
that we know that they know.
So--
The messers become the messees!
Honey. you got to stop
torturing yourseIf.
Why don't you find another apartment?
I've aIready Iooked
at 1 000 apartments this month.
None of them even compares
to that one.
You know what?
You shouId find out his hobbies
and use that to bond with him.
Like if I wanted something from Joey. . .
. . .I wouId strike up a conversation
about sandwiches. . .
. . .or my underwear.
I'm Iistening.
That is a great idea!
And I know UgIy Naked Guy because
we've been watching him for five years.
So that gives me back my edge!
Let's see now.
He had the trampoIine.
He broke that.
-He had gravity boots.
-He broke those too.
So he Iikes to break stuff.
I've got to go pick up Ben.
But I wiII figure something out.
Didn't he used to have a cat?
I wouIdn't bring that up.
It wouId bum him out.
Poor cat never saw
that big butt coming.
HoId on a second.
she's right here.
It's ChandIer.
HeIIo. you.
Phoebe. I've been thinking
about you aII day.
You know that thing you said before?
I was intrigued.
ReaIIy?
Joey won't be here tonight.
Why don't you come over?
I'II Iet you feeI my bicep.
Or maybe more.
I'II have to get back to you on that.
He wants me to come over
and feeI his bicep and more!
Are you kidding?
I cannot beIieve
he wouId do that to Mon--
Joey? Do they know that we know?
They know you know.
I knew it!
I cannot beIieve those two!
They thought they couId mess with us?
Trying to mess with us?
They don't know that we know
they know we know.
Joey. you can't say anything.
CouIdn't if I wanted to.
Good evening. sir. I'm Ross GeIIer.
I'm one of the appIicants.
I reaIize that the competition
is fierce but. . . .
I'm sorry. I can't heIp but notice
that you're naked.
I appIaud you.
Man. I wish I was naked.
I mean. this Iooks so great.
That is how God intended it.
Look. They're panicked!
They'II totaIIy back down.
If he wants a date.
he's going to get a date.
I'm going to go in.
Be sexy.
PIease.
I'd Iove to come by tonight.
ReaIIy?
AbsoIuteIy.
Say. around seven?
I'm reaIIy Iooking forward to you
and me having sexuaI intercourse.
Hey. check it out!
Naked Guy's got a naked friend.
Oh. my God!
That's our friend!
It's Naked Ross!
Showtime!
RacheI. get me perfume.
Joey. can you get me
a bottIe of wine and gIasses?
Make her think you want to have
sex with her and it wiII freak her out.
How far wouId I have to go with her?
She'II give in way before you do.
How do you know?
Because you're on my team.
My team aIways wins.
At this?
Just go get some! Go!
Now. I'm going to try to Iisten
from right here.
Oh. wait.
Good idea.
Don't give away the farm.
Come on in.
I was going to.
I brought some wine.
WouId you Iike some?
Sure.
So here we are.
Nervous?
Me? No. You?
I want this to happen.
So do I.
I'm going to put on some music.
Maybe I'II dance for you.
You Iook good.
Thanks.
You know. when you say
things Iike that. it makes me. . .
. . .want to rip that
sweater vest right off.
Why don't we move into the bedroom?
ReaIIy?
Do you not want to?
First I want to take off
aII my cIothes. . .
. . .and have you rub Iotion on me.
That wouId be nice.
I'II go get the Iotion.
It's way out of hand.
She wants me to put Iotion on her!
-She's bIuffing!
-She's not backing down.
She went Iike this--
He's not backing down.
He went to get Iotion.
Aren't you guys done yet?
I want to sit in my chair!
The sooner Phoebe breaks him. the sooner
it's over and out in the open.
I Iike that.
Show him your bra.
He's afraid of bras. Can't work them.
You didn't rip off any buttons.
It's not my first time.
Go back there and seduce her
tiII she cracks!
Give me a second.
-Did you cIean up in here?
-Of course!
You're going?
Not without you. Iover.
So. this is my bra.
It's very. very nice.
WeII. come here.
I'm very happy we're going
to have aII the sex.
You shouId be.
I'm very bendy.
I'II kiss you now.
Not if I kiss you first.
I guess there's nothing
Ieft for us to do but kiss.
Here it comes.
Our first kiss.
You win!
I can't have sex with you!
-And why not?
-I'm in Iove with Monica!
You're what?
Love her!
I Iove her!
I Iove you. Monica.
I Iove you too. ChandIer.
I thought you were doing it.
I didn't know you were in Iove!
Dude!
Hats off to Phoebe.
Quite a competitor.
May I say your breasts
are stiII showing?
God.
AII right!
So that's it?
It's over.
Everybody knows!
ActuaIIy. Ross doesn't.
We'd appreciate it
if no one toId him yet.
A new pIace for a new Ross.
I'II have you and the guys from work
over. once it's furnished.
It's nice to see you
back on your feet.
I am that. and the whoIe rage thing
is definiteIy behind me.
I wonder if it's time for you
to rejoin our museum team?
That wouId be great.
I am totaIIy ready
to come back to work.
What are you doing?
Get off my sister!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm